Hi guys! Did you know that English prepositions in, on and at are really different from Indonesian prepositions? This difference makes it difficult for Indonesian people like you and me to learn the prepositions. In order to help us understand these prepositions, we need to know the rules.

1. IN: Preposition in is used to tell people that the thing or someone we are talking about is within the shape of something else. For example, The teacher is already in the classroom.
2. ON: Preposition on is used to tell people that the thing or someone we are talking about is in or into a position covering, touching or forming part of a surface. For example, The teacher put the books on her desk.
3. AT: Preposition at is used to tell people where something/somebody is or where something happens. For example, The teacher is standing at the door.
 
These prepositions are also used to talk about time. Again, to help us know when to use them, we need to learn the rules.
 
1. IN: Preposition in is used to talk about an event that happens during the period of time. For example, The new semester starts in July.
2. ON: Preposition in is used to talk about an event that happens on a day or date. For example, I go to church on Sunday.
3. AT: Preposition in is used to specifically say when an event happens. For example, Classes start at 6.45.
 
If you haven’t remembered the rules above, it’s okay. During this online lesson, we will explain how sentences match the rules. We hope the rules in the lesson can help you remember and make better prepositional decisions.